STASH
A little space for everything you copy.

INSTALL
Drag Stash into Applications. Open it from Applications, then eject this disk.
Requires an Apple silicon Mac running macOS 14 or later. Liquid Glass is
available on macOS 26; older systems use a native translucent material.

FIRST LAUNCH
Open Stash from Applications and confirm the standard downloaded-app prompt.
Public release signing and notarization details are listed on GitHub Releases:
https://github.com/AugmentedMode/Stash/releases/latest

FIRST MINUTE
1. Choose Start collecting. Only new copies are collected.
2. Copy text, a link, an image, or a file in another app.
3. Press Command + Shift + V. Type a few words to find a clip.
4. Choose a clip. In copy mode, Stash returns you to your previous app;
   press Command + V there to paste.
5. For one-step paste, open Stash Settings and Enable Quick Paste. macOS
   asks you to grant Accessibility permission. This is optional.

Stash lives in the menu bar. Escape closes the palette; capture continues.
Click the menu-bar stack icon to reopen it. Right-click it to pause or quit.
Open Settings with Command + comma.

KEYBOARD
Up / Down             Select a clip
Left / Right          Switch categories (when search is empty)
Option + Left / Right Switch categories while searching
Return                Paste, or copy and return in copy mode
Shift + Return        Paste as plain text
Command + 1 to 9      Use a result directly
Command + P           Pin or unpin
Command + Delete      Delete a clip
Command + Z           Undo while the Undo action is visible
Command + Y           Preview the selected clip
Escape                Close preview, then clear search, then close Stash

YOUR HISTORY
Everything stays on your Mac. No account, server, analytics, or network calls.
History is kept for 30 days by default. Pins survive normal history clearing.
Settings lets you pause capture, exclude apps, change retention, or keep
history only until quit. Session-only mode also discards pins at quit.

Password-manager apps and concealed clipboard formats are excluded. Other
apps may not mark secrets; unmarked sensitive text can enter history.
File clips point to original files. If a file moves, copy it again in Finder.
History is stored locally, not in a separately encrypted vault.

UPDATING
Quit Stash before replacing it in Applications. Your history and preferences
are stored separately and remain available after replacement. You may need to
remove and re-add Stash in Privacy & Security > Accessibility after updates.

Homebrew users: quit Stash, then run:
  brew update
  brew upgrade --cask augmentedmode/stash/stash

IF SOMETHING SEEMS OFF
- Stash will not collect copies made before you clicked Start collecting.
- Check that capture is not paused and the source app is not excluded.
- If a category is empty, choose All and clear the search.
- If Command + Shift + V conflicts with another app, use the menu-bar icon.
- One-step paste requires Accessibility permission; copy mode works without it.

ENERGY USE
Stash pauses its capture timer during sleep or an inactive user session.
Low Power Mode checks the clipboard every 1.2 seconds instead of 0.6 seconds.
Very rapid copies between checks may be missed. Saved history updates are
batched within one second and flushed on normal quit and system sleep.
An abrupt crash can lose the most recent second of changes.
